hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 sci-fi horror film the
Cloverfield paradox so let's get started
this movie does rely in part that you've
seen the previous films if you'd like to
see a summary check out those spoilers
and cards above in the year 2028 earth
is suffering from a global energy crisis
the space agencies of the world prepare
to test the Sheppard particle
accelerator aboard the orbiting
Cloverfield station which would provide
earth with infinite energy while
conspiracy theorists fear that it will
create a Cloverfield paradox opening
portals between dimensions and
threatening earth among the crew is Ava
Hamilton who lost her children in a
house fire after two years of
unsuccessful testing they achieve a
stable beam but it overloads it creates
a power surge on the station after
restoring power they find that earth has
vanished and they have lost navigation
as the crew works on repairs strange
events begin to occur including finding
a woman Mina Jensen fused with wires
inside of a wall Volkov and engineer
fear something is crawling beneath his
skin and crafts a gun made with a 3d
printer he uses the gun to threaten the
crew but convulses and dies and begins
to explode with worms coming out of his
body another engineer Mundi has his arm
pulled into a solid wall and is severed
clean off later finding it roaming the
ship when they recognize that the arm is
trying to write something it instructs
them to cut Volkov open
once they cut him open they find the
missing navigation system they locate
earth and restore communications but
transmissions state that the Cloverfield
station was destroyed and fell to earth
two days prior the crew determined that
they have moved to a parallel universe
and that Jensen is a crew member from
this current universe here
Hamilton's children did not die and she
stayed on earth and never went to the
Space Station they plan to reactivate
the Sheppard device to return to their
own universe one engineer figures out
how to make the Sheppard particle
accelerator work again
but she is killed in a freak accident
meanwhile Hamilton decides to return
with Jensen to earth to be with her kids
as they prepare Mundy is killed by an
explosion caused by a strange magnetic
field after the explosion Hamilton is
left in charge after the commander
sacrifices himself to disengage the
accelerator ring with a Sheppard ready
Hamilton prepares to leave but Jensen
knocks her out
Jensen kills crewmembers and insists
that the station must stay in her
universe in order to provide earth with
energy regaining consciousness
Hamilton uses a gun to shoot out a
window jettison Jensen into space
Hamilton decides to return to her
universe and makes a recording for the
alternate universe self giving her the
plans for the Sheppard device after
successfully using the Sheppard device
Hamilton and the last crew members
returned to Earth in a capsule as they
see a giant monster coming up roaring
through the clouds this ending is meant
to imply that the events of the
Cloverfield paradox are what caused the
attack on the city of New York in the
first Cloverfield movie so that was the
spoilers for the Cloverfield paradox if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on our various forms of social
media and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching
you